# Unschuled dissasembly a 3lb "meltybrain" combat robot

This is a 3lb combat robot that me and luke have designed. this is a special type of robot thats way more complcated then normal bots, normal bots just have normal wheels and then the spinning weapon right well this bot is the weapon, the two hugely overpowered motors act as drive motors set to spin oppisite directions from eachother so the enitre 3lb mass of the robot is the weapon for a greater moi and impact. this can be achieved by using a microcontroller like a arduino nano or in my case a adafruint itsybitsy 32u4 and hooking it to the reciever and allowing it to act as a controller for the motor escs instead of the reciever and what is then does is edit the pwn that the escs get to allow translational drift to happen which is when even when the entire robot is spinning at 5000 rpm it can still go in a mostly stright line. 

# About this project 
This project includes a custom pcb for all the wiring of motors, escs, adafruit and the accelerometer. the pcb also acts as a power distrubution board which i struggled with for a while because of the amount of power going throught it, the back pads of the escs are going to be filled with solder to help conduct the electricity better and allow for more heat disspation. all the vias are also going to be filled to the brim with solder. i also created a reverse polarity protection circuit for the electronics other then the escs using a mosfet. the weapons are going to be made out of ar500 steel for the strength to weight ratio. the pcb is going to cost extra because it has to be 2oz copper, this was a fun and painful project to learn how to make pcbs on.
